1. Dog Day Afternoon (1975)
Based on real-life occurrences, Dog Day Afternoon tells the tale of gay bank robbers who hold up a Chase Manhattan Bank in Gravesend, Brooklyn on August 22, 1972. John Wojtowicz, Sonny (Al Pacino) in the movie, along with Sal, hatch a plan to steal enough money from the bank to pay for Sonny’s male lover’s sex change operation. Exterior shots were filmed on loction on Prospect Park West between 17th and 18th Street in Windsor Terrace, according to multiple film sites.

2. Saturday Night Fever (1977)
Saturday Night Fever tells the tale of Italian-American Brooklyn teenager Tony Manero, who boogies his way to discotheque nobility as a way to escape his troublesome existence.  Several scenes take place in the well-known neighborhoods of Bensonhurst and Bay Ridge, especially the opening sequence of the movie, which was filmed on 86th Street. Tony also takes dance lessons at Philip’s Dance Studio, right off of Bay Parkway in Bensonhurst.

3. Do the Right Thing (1989)
Filmed in the Bedford-Stuyvesant section of Brooklyn, Brooklynite and Director Spike Lee dives deep into the controversial topic of racism in this dramatic movie.
Sal’s Pizzeria, the only white-owned business on a block where African-Americans and Puerto Ricans live and the site of the film’s famed melee – was located at Stuyvesant Place, according to Imdb.com. It’s at Sal’s, where tempers flare and eventually explode on one of the hottest days of the year, ending in a torched pizzeria and tragic violence.

4. Requiem for a Dream (2000)
It’s no secret that film director, screenwriter and producer Darren Aronofsky loves to film in his hometown of Brooklyn, where scenes of the Requiem for a Dream were shot. The neighborhoods include Red Hook and Coney Island, the area where he went to junior high school. The film parallels the lives of several dark and dreary characters as they spiral downward on devastating drug trips into the abyss.

5. Moonstruck (1987)
“Snap out of it!” Cher tells us with a smack, but if you happen to live in classy, sedate Brooklyn Heights, you’ll be hypnotized. Falling in love, Cher strolls the Promenade in a daze. Her character lives among the Fruit Streets—Cranberry, to be specific. And the movie makes its way down Court Street, to where the real Italian groceries can be found. Brooklyn Heights